tommy that today I will present a
weave destiny the sad arrow
then for our tourist braid
we need ten children in
this case used the chinese
nothing from a millimeter but you can
also use other measures and these
ten wires is important to tie them together with a
larger and thicker cord
this I used rio and 2 mm
after having knotted them all together and
put our weight on the cumin for
get the job done more
let's put the wires inside
of the disc
then to go and arrange ours
children on the disc we go to put a
thread in the top 31 a thread in the top
point 32 a thread
in point 1 and a thread in point 2 e
we have formed a group of four
let's go and put a stitch in place
11 a thread in point 12 and a thread in the
point 13 forming a group of three i
last three remaining of we go to
put in point 22 23 and 24 and finally the
we always leave our cordon
left side
then once all our own are arranged
sons we start with the plot then
we move we start by moving the thread that
is found at point 31 and we take it to
point 14 then the thread that I find at mine
left side of the group of four lo
port to the left side of the group of three
which he arranged precisely in
my right side once inserted there
we are the disk in a clockwise direction doing
yes that the group of four children who
now it has become this one will be found of
face us this way once
that we are in this position is
very important to move the cord
on our left side
this fundamental step that if there is
forget
it will not make the rope realize
finding ourselves just as precisely in the point
initial
let's always move the cord
of the group of four that is the
our left side and we take it to the
left side of the group of three children
which is on our right side e
we continue turn clockwise
always bringing the group from four of
in front of us
move the cord to the side
left
the answers I always love the cord that
we find on our left side of the
group of four bringing it in the in
left side of the group from three of the
our right side around
now I'll show you some passages
so to better understand the important
cords that we move envelop
always the biggest cord because
then the final result will go like this a
you will no longer see it covered
this is this kind of intertwining you can
make it with any kind of
cordino the sun is nothing ford come
I'm doing me or the super flashes
ropes or other privileges and i
cords like the waxed cord
after codeine and you can of course
use all the measurements you want
always depends on four big networks
Braid
then this will be our result
final after several working cycles
as you can see, in short, it is really a design
particular and very original
of course you can add beads
or, in short, that of creating a
cord so add a pendant
in short, let your necklaces come
extremely original
then our technical video has
terminated for any doubt and question
you know that we are at your disposal
a kiss to all bye